This video got 511,000 views [music] and
in this video you're going to see
exactly how I recorded it so that you
can understand my viral recording
process that I've developed over the
past 3 years to [music] get to 100,000
views on every single video since it's
development. Now, if you've seen my
videos before, sure my scripts are world
class and yes, my editing is unique, but
the key that everyone misses is how I
say what I [music] say because you can
steal a viral script word for word and
you can pay a high quality editor, but
your video still will not perform if you
cannot speak in a captivating way. But
with the recording that you're about to
watch, you'll realize you don't have to
be a naturally gifted speaker, you just
have to hold yourself to [music] a
higher standard and follow the process
that I'm about to demonstrate. That
said, this video is not going to be an
entertaining watch. In fact, it might be
quite boring, but if you understand and
implement [music] my process, you, I
guarantee you will start seeing results
in as early [music]
as your next video. This new video, uh
the first line of this video is
Instagram just slapped their dick on the
table with this new update. Therefore,
I think this video's going to perform.
Hopefully it does.
I like the [__] hook and that's the
kind of vibe we're rocking with today.
So, I'm just going to basically walk you
guys through exactly what I'm going to
do and then hopefully you at least walk
away with
some [snorts] things that maybe you
can't get from me saying to do these
things, you can only get from me doing
the things.
So, [snorts] if you look at my setup
right now, I'm speaking to camera. Of
course, I got the teleprompter in front
of me. I have a nice little pedal which
you guys cannot see, but on my right
foot right here, nice little pedal
that's going to control the script for
me. Actually, I need to make that a
little bit closer.
And that is the current setup that we're
going to be rocking with. Now,
one thing that that I always do before I
actually start triple taking which means
recording the three videos I'm going to
send off to the editors is that I will
always basically just give like a
not a full run through, but just like a
a vibes run through. Just like I'll read
it not trying to make it too
entertaining by any means,
>> [snorts]
>> but I'll read it just to kind of
get familiar with what I'm going to say.
Then also on top of that, think through
my hand movements.
And I don't want to be too conscious
about it whenever I'm recording them,
but I do want them to be good.
So, I like to sit here and just kind of
[__] around, read the script, get a feel
for it, move my hands the way I think I
want to move them, and consciously think
about it on the first couple run
throughs.
That way whenever [snorts] I actually do
run through it, it's just fluid and
natural. So, the first words are
Instagram just slapped their dick on the
table with this brand new updates
because look, this video right here, you
can actually click it. My profile right
here, you can click it. Growing your
personal brand has never been easier.
Starting literally last week, you can
I said literally Starting last week, you
can literally add any Instagram reel or
account directly onto your video with
the edit with with with the new edits
app. So, here are the three best ways
you can use it.
So So, here are the three best ways you
can use it.
Okay. I'm transitioning from
the visual structure into moving to the
first way. However, with this script in
particular, I am not
going through it sequentially. I am kind
of, and just because I'm going to say if
you want more views, blank. If you want
more followers, blank. If you want more
sales, blank.
However, I'm not saying first, second,
or third.
And I know visually, because I did my
visuals in mind, like you should,
I know visually what's going to happen.
So, I want there to be a hard cut in
between these three, and then me hopping
into if you want more views. Can I like
break that down to you scientifically on
why I'm going to do it that way?
No.
It's just a feeling, and it's what I
feel is if it's going to look the best.
That comes from experience. Maybe I'm
wrong.
There's a possibility that I'm wrong.
No, there's not. I'm [__] great. All
right. If you want more views at the end
of your video
if you want more views at the end of
your video after you solve a problem for
your viewer, introduce a new problem
that's solved by a different video. For
example, that's how you want For
example,
for example, that's how you lose weight,
but if you don't want to end up skinny
fat, you need a high-protein diet.
Okay, I'm going to say tap this video.
Previously, I'm thinking about where did
I point uh where did I point to the rest
of the top of the video versus the
count? Count is on my left hand. Uh
video is on my right. So, I'll point
here again. Tap this video for three
high-protein recipes you can make today.
Cool, then I do a hard cut.
If you want more followers, make your
viewer feel like they'll be missing out
miss- missing out if they don't follow
you, then link to your profile. Then
Then link to your profile.
Um
I'm thinking about using the table. A
table might not be necessary.
The reason why I just came up with the
idea of using the table, which is right
here next to me, cuz I'm switching
between
>> [clears throat]
>> the Instant Noodle Strap in comparison
to the table depending on the video
type.
Some videos require tables, some don't.
Long forms especially require tables
most of the time unless it's one like
Yeah, if I'm ever walking through
anything, of course I'll be on my
MacBooks and I'm going to sit here like
Yeah.
Um the what's come to mind on why I'm
using the table is just because I say,
"If you like low-calorie, high-protein
recipes like this,
in my mind I'm thinking about if we had
the table in front of me,
we could easily just put AI fruits on
the table.
And that'd be good for the
representation and also Yeah, just be
good for the representation.
I'm not necessarily sure how this is
going to be represented visually.
Cuz I did the visuals in mind on the
table. However, whenever I prepped this
video, I was like, "Ah, [__] it. The
chair is going to be better for this
video."
>> [snorts]
>> I'm thinking through what the visual is
going to be,
cuz I don't want to record this and and
feel like, "Ah, [__] It could have been
better.
Then again, the video that was the
highest performer
was the video what the video pattern of
the highest performers, they seemed more
chill in comparison to in front of the
table.
So, for the research of this video, the
highest performer was like this chick,
just like real chill.
And that was the vibe of the entire
video. So, I like that vibe.
It's also what I would prefer for this
video as well.
So, I'll figure out what the real
representation is going to be
after I record it. Realistically, I
think it should might be b-roll. And for
example, that's how you lose weight.
When I read that earlier that earlier in
the script, I could just throw a b-roll.
Yeah, I could just throw b-rolls for
that.
Okay, I will just use b-rolls. Okay.
If
If you like low-cal
If you like low-calorie, high-protein
recipes and like this, I post them
weekly. So, uh tap here and follow me to
make sure your
So, tap here and
So, tap here and follow me to make your
weight loss journey easier.
If you want sales,
if you want sales, link a video that
explains what you offer. Or my favorite,
link them to a case study on your page.
And then if you combine all three, you
have you have an Instagram funnel.
You're welcome. Now, if you
Now, if you want a quick tutorial on how
to do this in the Edits app, then
comment splatter.
Just comment splatter. And if you want
more tips on growing your personal
brand, then you can just click the
button that will appear in 7 seconds
bec-
because and then I go ahead and loop
back.
First off, breaking the fourth wall.
If you just listen to what I just said
and think it through the script, you're
going to realize on how [__] good I
am. But, cool.
I just realized whenever I loop back, I
don't have to look directly below me.
What I like to do on any video that
loops is I will always basically copy
and paste the script twice
on the teleprompter.
So, I'll say the hook at the beginning,
no problem, but we're not going to use
that hook. Because I feel like
if I try to do the whole loop and then
hook, it doesn't feel like I'm in flow.
But, if I
put the hook and I just run through the
entire video, and then at the loop
section at the end of the video, I have
the script again, so I have the loop
like the what what I would say at the
end, and then the hook, and then I just
keep moving through the second recording
of the of the video, that flow right
there is just magnificent.
So, [snorts] I'm going to take
my current script and then I'm going to
copy and paste it again.
That way I can have that beautiful loop,
which you guys will see what I'm talking
about as I record it. Now, if you want a
quick tutorial on how to do this in the
edits app, just comment splatter, and if
you want more tips on growing your
personal brand, then you can just click
on the button that will appear here in 7
seconds. Because Instagram just left
their dick on the table with this new
update. Because look, this video right
here, you can actually click it. My
profile right here, you can click it.
All right. Some people asked me this
before, like do you just like is there
any reason why you always do the
run-throughs with your gum? No, nothing
that is uh
Yeah, no reason at all. I have what is
called focal tension dysphonia, which
means if I speak,
most of the time it [__] hurts. So,
if I can get any kind of lubrication on
my throat before I do something like
this,
uh the like the much better the
recording, not necessarily for voice
quality, but
um just the amount of pain that
is induced through the recording.
All right. So, if you're not recording
videos, you got no [__] excuse. All
right, so that was my first run-through.
I'm going to run through the entire
thing three more times, and after I do
that, I'm probably going to start honing
in on the loop and the hook. So, there
was the first run-through. I'm going to
do it three more times. I'm going to
send those off to the editors. Reason
why I recorded three times, if you've
watched uh my my Instagram video on
triple takes, you understand why. If you
haven't, I'll link it in the description
for you to take a peek.
Um
>> [clears throat]
>> This is me saying it in mind of it being
a YouTube video and module now cuz I
feel like this could be a decent YouTube
video.
That so I'm going through the loop a
couple more times that way you guys can
just see the different ways on how I'm
going to say it because I like to like
even though I'm going to run through
three more times, I like to get like at
least 10 versions of the hook. So, I'm
going to do three more times, then I'll
go through the 10 versions of the hook.
And then that'll be it. Hopefully this
video goes [__] viral. Let's rock.
The
Then you can just click on this button
that will appear in 7 seconds because
Instagram
I got to put a bigger pause in between
in between that because in Instagram.
Then you can just click on this button
that will appear in 7 seconds because
Instagram just slapped their dick on the
table with this brand new update.
Because look, this video right here, you
can actually click it. My profile right
here, you can click it. Growing your
personal brand has never been easier
starting this week because you can
literally add any Instagram reel or
accounts directly onto your video with
the new edits app.
I hated that.
[__] hated that.
Cool. So, realistically uh this is so
you can see me running through it. I'm
not going to sit here and show you all
10 versions.
Um but you'll end up seeing the final
version on the actual video itself.
Yeah, hopefully you can see I'm
recording. I'm going to sit down and
I'll re-record that hook multiple times
just cuz it's going to be the biggest
point of leverage for the video's
performance. And
yeah.
Hopefully this is beneficial to some of
you guys. Don't overthink it. One of the
core things for recording videos is that
if you start overthinking it, then it
starts getting worse.
The most valuable thing is running
through it with no pressure on that
first run through. Like I was doing
previously where I was just like reading
it and just like cool, are hands go.
Just having fluidity and knowing that
this video is not going to be the final
product, therefore it doesn't need to be
perfect. Allowing yourself that space to
be able to
think through what you want to do and
then from there execute on that. I think
it is one of the more valuable things
out of just the recording process
because there definitely been times
where I'm just sitting there and I'm
like this [__] [__] I said it horribly.
All right, let me
and I'll just sit there and keep [__]
saying the same thing over and over and
over again and I'm just like this whole
[__] is ass and if you've ever done
that, you know, for the rest of the
recording proc like if you have one
video and you get you do that on that
one video, [__] the rest of the
recording day. Like that that's just
that's now a tomorrow task. So, that's
one of the core things.
But the main takeaway I want you to take
from this is always triple check your
videos.
And then [snorts]
um
yeah, [clears throat] just don't get too
stuck in your head because that's going
to be the thing that kills you. So, if
you're creating content, you are by
definition cut from a different cloth.
You're doing things that I think you're
not giving yourself enough credit on
to do and it 100% is going to be the
biggest lever that you can pull within
your business. I can say that from
personal experience not only for myself
which
in some ways I've had some success not
to anything near what I want or what I
deem as grand by any means, but it's
even looking at the other business
owners that I've worked with and seeing
their growth.
Especially now that I've been doing this
for a couple of years, it's been
>> [clears throat]
>> really eye-opening and then also um
really
uh
what would be that term? I feel much
more bought in to just personal branding
in general.
It is by far the biggest lever that you
can pull and it's not easy. There's a
lot of friction around it. Looking at a
blank piece of paper and thinking I got
to come up with something to say and
then distill it down into 90 seconds and
get in front of the camera whenever no
one's looking and talk to the camera and
just expect for people to want to listen
to you. It is um
truly
making you an exception to the rule.
But the bigger excep- exceptions to the
rule is if it actually works cuz
a lot of people create content, but even
less people actually get results from
creating content. And the deciding
factor between you getting results or
not is going to be your skill. So, don't
half-ass it. This is a winner-take-all
game.
Play the [__] way.
Instagram just left their dick on the
table with this new update because look,
this video right here, you can actually
click it. My profile [music] right here,
you can click it. Growing your personal
brand has never been easier. Starting
last week, you can literally add any
Instagram Reel or account directly onto
your video with the Edits app. So, here
are the three best ways to use it. If
you want more views, then at the end of
your video, after you solve a problem
for your viewer, introduce a new problem
that's solved by a different video. So,
for example, that's how you lose weight,
but if you don't want to end up skinny
fat, you need a high-protein diet. Tap
this video for three high-protein
recipes that you can make today. If you
want more followers, make your viewer
feel like they're missing out if they
don't follow you, then link [music] to
your profile. If you like a low-calorie,
high-protein recipes like this, I post
them weekly. So, [music] tap here and
follow me to make your weight loss
journey easier. If you want sales, then
link either a video that explains what
you offer or my favorites, [music]
link them to a case study on your page.
And then if you combine all three, you
now have an Instagram funnel. You're
welcome. Now, if you want a quick
tutorial on how to do this in the Edits
app, just comment splatter, and if you
want more tips on growing your personal
brand, then you can just click on the
button that will appear here in 7
seconds because